good
there are very good of all welcome to
victorinox spain welcome to this
chapter 79 and today as you are seeing
let's talk about one of the most models
myths within the catalog of
victorinox I am talking about the
victorinox explorer and as always
we lose more time and without more
we start
Well, here we have it to this
explorer and the first as always
let's see are your specifications
techniques tell you that it's made in
red follower scales that
It has a length of 91 millimeters
width of 27 a height of 22
millimeters and an approximate weight of 105
grams its price is around 25
or 30 euros, well, the explorer has
of 16 functions and let's see them now
same we begin as always by the
big leaf
we closed and we went to see that sheet of
precision the small sheet
let's go now with the scissors
we close and we are going to see one of his
star tools and is that magnifying glass
then I will tell you a little more about
she
ramón and let's see now his
phillips screwdriver
we went as always to see now in abre
bottles with flat screwdriver and shell
cables
let's go to the other side and we would see the
can opener with small screwdriver
we went to the back of the knife
and we would have like not the corkscrew
multi-purpose hook
and the climber punch with eye
And finally we would see the stick of
teeth
the tweezers
and the ring, well, let's talk
now of the star tool of this
explorer and is none other than the most famous
there you have it and I'll tell you a
little bit more about her tell you that the
first time that victorinox introduced the
magnifying glass in one of his models was in the year
1973 had a glass lens
8X and a plastic housing
gray is that magnifying glass that I am
speaking the truth is that for me it was
a tiny magnifying glass you see that it does not have
a lot of diameter and having so many or so many
increases I had 8 I did it a little bit
difficult to use voucher did not look very good
through it
victorinox realized this detail
and in 2004 he changed that magnifying glass
this one that I'm going to teach you right now
for this magnifying glass this magnifying glass I repeat the change
victorinox in 2004 and it's whole
Made of plastic has a diameter
larger
so it makes it look much better
things through it and has a
5 x bone magnification extends 5 x
this one had 8 these 5 but I think it 's
much better because it's more
big and having those 5 x is just the
increase that is needed to read a
text or to see some small thing
I repeat I stay with this tell you too
that you know that all the knives that
they carry magnifying glass they carry the other side they carry
star screwdriver and I'm going to
teach now because there is also a
small difference let's take this out and
let's take this one out as you can see
there the loupes are smaller and these
bigger and also it varies the
screwdriver and there you can see that
This screwdriver is bigger by
have the small magnifying glass and this
screwdriver that is the modern this
it would be a modern explorer this
screwdriver is smaller and has
a bigger magnifying glass good as well
Finally, tell you that if you find
this explorer if you want to buy are
explorer if you find an explorer with
this magnifying glass buy them because as I already
I am saying since 2004 2005 already
they do not exist, you will have time to
buy them at any time but
if you find an explorer or a
chan suite with this magnifying glass let's not hesitate
in compraros the say and finally
that the explorer can find it in
version plus what is the difference then
I'll tell you right now the normal
As I said, you have 16
tools and yet the plus has
19 this in particular is the plus
I think the easiest way to
differentiate them is by the handles the
Normal come red grips and the plus in
What are these three
good da plus differences would lead
apart from all that I have already taught you
would carry a pin would carry the mini
screwdriver and would also carry pen
I repeat that is the difference between a
normal explorer and a plus
and I leave it to you so you can see it there
those victorinox explorer I repeat is a
Remarkable knife within the world of
victorinox and even if it's not the best
model to carry in your pocket I think
that is a model that every collector
must have in his in his closet in his
showcase in your box where you want to have it
but the explorer is part of the
victorinox story I hope that you
have liked the video and see you in the
next here in victorinox spain sorry
really be in the last weeks
really removed from the channel and removed
of facebook but for work issues
It makes it impossible for me to answer all
messages that you send me and really
I'm sorry, but it 's work
I try to do that if a video to the
week and here you have this week
victorinox explorer nothing else I say goodbye
bye
yes